yeah welcome to another episode of n
plus which is d s video walkthrough for
game anyone com this loads can be kind
of difficult it's looks weird it looks
simple but it's not as simple as it
seems actually I think it is simple
nevermind scratch all that this level is
simple and should be beaten the first
couple times to try to be first cold
time to try to play just take your time
at it this if it is too hard for you
just you know just take your time this
littles hard though this level is hard
like this is probably the second hardest
level in the aim maybe the third hardest
I'm not sure that's excluding the Atari
bonus levels which I haven't even looked
at those levels yet and I'm guessing
those are going to be even harder
this kind Kali what I did
anyways yeah I slowed this down a little
bit just so I could talk more about it
because some of the other babies went by
too fast so anyways here what we want to
do is just this little easier than
another level it looks similar to this
that's earlier in the game so you
shouldn't have too much trouble beating
this level and yes the music skipping
again
it's my cheap hardware and cheap
download software
ah this was hard
this it's hard but it means it's a short
level so it's kind of frustrating
because you just like you keep having do
the same thing over and over again if
you keep dying but it's not as
frustrating at some levels since you
won't get so far in loveland I don't you
always at the beginning level this law
we need to hit your head on the ceiling
to make it through those jumps and your
kind of timed here is you need to make
it back before those things make it to
the bottom and I did and then you hit
your head again slide thru jump up here
I should slow this one down and it was
hit your head on there and make it
through and make those jumps and you get
your time you have to make it back
across and then back over here and just
don't screw this part up and make it to
the finish and that's the game episode
complete that's the last level or so you
think and then there's some bonus lolz
unlocked